welcome to Jimmy Kimmel Live
I'm not Jimmy Kimmel I'm your guest host
Shaquille O'Neal that's right tonight
ABC goes from blackish to check ish but
before we get started I have one rule
tonight if you don't laugh I'll kick
your ass
got it that goes for you too Guillermo
whatever for those of you wondering
where Jimmy is he's right here and he
was delicious and he will be missed all
right
let's do a monologue you guys like
impressions
that's too bad cuz I don't do that
hosting a late-night show is a new thing
for me it's like when Michael Jordan
decided to play baseball except I'm
gonna be good at this I have all the
things you need to host this show a suit
a band a stupid no-talent nemesis see
Jimmy has Matt Damon and I have Charles
Barkley
he's like a bald or fat or Matt Damon as
you may know I have a lot of nicknames
Superman the diesel Shaq foo
Big Daddy but now that I'm a late night
host I came up with a new nickname for
myself Arsenio tall
what about Jimmy tsukumo I've got more
still down a huge Conan
oh hi one sack bar Oprah Winfrey throws
[Applause]
all right
we're gonna have a good time tonight but
I gotta be honest my day got off to a
bad start
I woke up at my morning bowl of Fruity
Pebbles and saw this messed up story on
the news the Oklahoma City Thunder
basketball team had a scare in the air
take a look at the nosecone here
something hit their plane during a
recent flight and then dented it
officials for Delta Airlines think it
was a bird strike or shot shooting free
throws
[Applause]
those bastards I'll never watch channel
5 again is everybody ready for Halloween
tomorrow at my house we do things a
little different see the
trick-or-treaters they have to dunk on
me to get candy not in my house also
Halloween candy is actually a sore
subject for me they call it fun size but
look at this when you're my size this
isn't fun this is bull
yeah don't eat it all in one place by
the way my kids are here tonight
yes all of them are over 6 feet tall
today is take your enormous children to
work day you see we had to put them in
the back row so they don't block any
cameras speaking of kids you know every
year Jimmy has parents pretend they ate
all their kids Halloween candy if you
haven't seen it before goes like this
smile you know your candy because it was
good we ate all your Halloween candy
[Music]
mommy and I last night we were watching
a movie and we ate all of your candy
here's step up look at look at it again
I got really really hungry and I ate all
your Halloween candy while you were at
school ah we need how I ate it go get JA
well I'm sorry but that's hilarious
well guess what that YouTube challenge
is happening again this year so if you
want to be part of it here's what you do
after kids trick or treat
pretend you ate all their candy and
record it and put it on YouTube with the
title hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my kids I
ate all their Halloween candy don't do
anything stupid to put your kids in
danger and look for a message from the
show your video could be on later this
week how am i doing so far
for me this is super exciting I'm
halfway through my first monologue
I've already had a late night show
longer the magic Johnson hey you guys
want to see my favorite youtube video of
the year it stars a little kid who gets
very sleepy in a very weird place
Jolyon
we've all been there buddy I love that
clip in fact I love her so much I bought
the movie rights at a young man's story
take a look
[Music]
based on the extraordinary true story of
a baby sleeping in a toilet toilet baby
rolling stone raves a powerful
affirmation of the human spirit
the New York Times writes Shaq's best
performance since Kazaam Weekly says I
just spent two hours watching a giant
sleep in a toilet and I loved it
featuring the Academy Award winner
Morgan Freeman as the voice of the
Father Joey Joey I need to use the
toilet there are no pictures and Kohler
kitchen in bed please eat
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and it didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares